README.md, before:

# FIFA18-CMMOD

Thanks to the great work of - GalaxyMan2015 and benji - we're able to start modding FIFA 18 again. :)

## Requirements
NOTE: You need to use the Mod Manager every time when playing the game!

1. Latest release of [FIFA18-CMMOD](https://github.com/linuxfreak90/FIFA18-CMMOD/releases)
2. Latest release of [Mod Manager](https://frostytoolsuitedev.gitlab.io/downloads.html)

Groups of the CL/EL should look [like this](https://imgur.com/a/swkaa).

### FIFA18-GPMOD
Use [FIFA18-GPMOD](https://github.com/linuxfreak90/FIFA18-GPMOD/releases) to increase CPUAI difficulty in game.

## Features & improvements
- Use Champions League and Europa League group tables (using replacements for teams not included in the game)
- More teams should be active and search for replacements on the transfermarket
- Higher chance of free agents
- Transfer movements should reflect the 'real world' a bit more
- Players results by global scouting (GTN) should be better
- Increased player values and wages to reflect 'real world' nowadays
- Player values are now based on club prestige and player international rank
- Teams should play with a better line-up, change line-up a bit more
- Higher chances of job manager offer(s)
- Sim. results should be a bit more realistic
- Higher chance of release clauses in some leagues (La Liga, La Liga 1|2|3)
- Realistic club budgets
- Remove CPUAI cheating
- ..

## TODO
- Player growth
- Checkout training
- Try to improve loan deals

With many thanks to the modding community for all your fantastic work!

Commit message:

Use CG File Explorer 18 instead, decrease stall length

README.md, after:

# FIFA18-CMMOD

Thanks to the great work of - GalaxyMan2015 and benji - we're able to start modding FIFA 18 again. :)

## Requirements
NOTE: You need to use the Mod Manager every time when playing the game!

1. Latest release of [FIFA18-CMMOD](https://github.com/linuxfreak90/FIFA18-CMMOD/releases)
2. Latest release of [CG File Explorer 18](http://3dgamedevblog.com/wordpress/?sdm_downloads=fifa-18-cgfileexplorer)

After successful importing `FIFA18-CMMOD.cgp`, the groups of the CL/EL should look [like this](https://imgur.com/a/swkaa).

### FIFA18-GPMOD
Use [FIFA18-GPMOD](https://github.com/linuxfreak90/FIFA18-GPMOD/releases) to increase CPUAI difficulty in game.

## Features & improvements
- Use Champions League and Europa League group tables (using replacements for teams not included in the game)
- More teams should be active and search for replacements on the transfermarket
- Higher chance of free agents
- Transfer movements should reflect the 'real world' a bit more
- Players results by global scouting (GTN) should be better
- Increased player values and wages to reflect 'real world' nowadays
- Player values are now based on club prestige and player international rank
- Teams should play with a better line-up, change line-up a bit more
- Higher chances of job manager offer(s)
- Sim. results should be a bit more realistic
- Higher chance of release clauses in some leagues (La Liga, La Liga 1|2|3)
- Realistic club budgets
- Remove CPUAI cheating
- ..

## TODO
- Player growth
- Checkout training
- Try to improve loan deals

With many thanks to the modding community for all your fantastic work!
